README.md, before:

# Security Special Interest Group

Covers horizontal security initiatives for the OpenTelemetry project, including
regular security audits, the vulnerability management process, cross-cutting
security documentation, and security community management.

The [charter](./sig-security-charter.md) draft defines the scope and governance
of the Security Special Interest Group.

## Meetings

* Regular SIG Meeting: Weekly on Mondays at [09:00
PT](https://dateful.com/convert/pst-pdt-pacific-time?t=0900).
  * [Meeting notes, Agenda and Zoom
  link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P2xejC7lEkOV_Z-8E0oZPXLK5HOnUPNuRqKP0ZQ5fpg).

## Approvers and Maintainers

### Maintainers

[@open-telemetry/sig-security-maintainers](
  https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/sig-security-maintainers)

* [Jeremy Corley](https://github.com/ms-jcorley), Microsoft
* [Reiley Yang](https://github.com/reyang), Microsoft

### Approvers

[@open-telemetry/sig-security-approvers](
  https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/sig-security-approvers)

* [Adriel Perkins](https://github.com/adrielp), Liatrio

### Emeritus

* [Alex Boten](https://github.com/codeboten)
* [Carter Socha](https://github.com/cartersocha)
* [Juraci Paix&#xE3;o Kr&#xF6;hling](https://github.com/jpkrohling)

## Contact

* Slack:
  [#otel-sig-security](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C05A85QC281)

Commit message:

A bit more normalizing of the README

README.md, after:

# Security Special Interest Group

Covers horizontal security initiatives for the OpenTelemetry project, including
regular security audits, the vulnerability management process, cross-cutting
security documentation, and security community management.

The [charter](./sig-security-charter.md) draft defines the scope and governance
of the Security Special Interest Group.

## Meetings

- Regular SIG Meeting: Weekly on Mondays at [09:00
PT](https://dateful.com/convert/pst-pdt-pacific-time?t=0900).
  - [Meeting notes, Agenda and Zoom
  link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P2xejC7lEkOV_Z-8E0oZPXLK5HOnUPNuRqKP0ZQ5fpg).

## Approvers and Maintainers

### Maintainers

- [Jeremy Corley](https://github.com/ms-jcorley), Microsoft
- [Reiley Yang](https://github.com/reyang), Microsoft

For more information about the maintainer role, see the [community repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#maintainer).

### Approvers

- [Adriel Perkins](https://github.com/adrielp), Liatrio

For more information about the approver role, see the [community repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#approver).

### Emeritus

- [Alex Boten](https://github.com/codeboten)
- [Carter Socha](https://github.com/cartersocha)
- [Juraci Paix&#xE3;o Kr&#xF6;hling](https://github.com/jpkrohling)

For more information about the emeritus role, see the [community repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/guides/contributor/membership.md#emeritus-maintainerapprovertriager).

## Contact

- Slack:
  [#otel-sig-security](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C05A85QC281)
