# Recommendations

This document lists recommendations from the Security SIG for the consideration
of OpenTelemetry SIGs.

## CodeQL Scanning

The organization uses [CodeQL](https://codeql.github.com/) for semantic analysis
of the code in various repositories. The recommendation is to run CodeQL on
every pull request and on every commit to the main branch.

Issue: ([#15](https://github.com/open-telemetry/sig-security/issues/15))

## Binding to Network Interfaces

Always bind to localhost rather than to 0.0.0.0 or any interface, unless there
is a specific need to do otherwise. Binding to localhost reduces the attack
surface of your application by making it only accessible to devices on the same
machine. Binding to 0.0.0.0 or "all" interfaces can make your application
respond on all current and future network interfaces.

Issue:
([#19](https://github.com/open-telemetry/sig-security/issues/19#issue-1926445623))

## Container images

### Use the smallest image possible

While the size of an image doesn't matter for the runtime, we are responsible
for everything that is in the image. If you are delivering a statically linked
binary, you can probably build a `scratch` image for production purposes. It
might be a good idea to provide a second set of images for debugging purposes,
such as ones including a shell and networking utilities.

If you need to include files in the image, such as root certificates, use the
builder pattern to obtain the files and copy only those into the final image.
Example:

```Dockerfile
FROM alpine:3.20 as certificates
RUN apk --no-cache add ca-certificates

FROM scratch
COPY --from=certificates /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt
COPY mybinary mybinary
```

### Use a non-privileged user

Under some circumstances, your image might be executed as a privileged user by
default. In others, like a hardened Kubernetes distribution, your container is
forced to run using a non-privileged account and bugs might appear as the image
wasn't built with that in mind. It's recommended to set a high user ID when
building the image, to ensure the process always runs as a non-privileged user.
This will not only make it more secure by default but will help you uncover
issues before they affect security-conscious users.

Here's how to do it:

```Dockerfile
USER 65532:65532
```

### Keep your images up to date

Use tools like Renovate or Dependabot to achieve that.

#### Renovate

[Here's an
example](https://github.com/jpkrohling/otel-sig-security-example-go/pull/17) of
a PR created by Renovate on a repository using its default configuration.

If you are interested in using Renovate, open an issue requesting the TC to
enable it to your repository, [like
this](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/issues/2090). You should then
receive a PR from Renovate doing the onboarding, [like
this](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/pull/5309).

#### Dependabot

For directories containing a Dockerfile, add the following to your
`.github/dependabot.yml`:

```yaml
version: 2
updates:
  - package-ecosystem: docker
    directory: /
    schedule:
      interval: weekly
```

And [here's
one](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/pull/2990) from
Dependabot.
